
    String Manipulation:

    Reverse a string without using loops or predefined functions.
    Calculate frequency of characters in a string.
    Check if two strings match where one string contains wildcard characters.
    Remove spaces from a string.
    Count inversions.
    Check if a string is a palindrome.
    Replace a substring in a string.
    Remove all occurrences of a given character from a string.
    Find non-repeating characters in a string.
    Count repeated items in a string.
    Find the maximum occurring character in a given string.
    Replace duplicate characters from a string.
    Find the length of the longest substring without repeating characters.
    Find non-repeating elements in an array.
    Check if two given strings are anagrams.
    Calculate the number of vowels and consonants in a string.
    Find the occurrence count of a particular character in a string.
    Remove all occurrences of a given character from a string.
    Find the non-matching characters in a string.

Array Manipulation:
20. Missing number(s) in an array.

    Total all matching integer elements in an array.
    Reverse an array.
    Remove duplicates from an array.
    Find the second largest number in an array.
    Replace each element in an array by its rank in the array.
    Sort an array of integers in ascending order.
    Find consecutive largest subsequence in an array.
    Find indexes of a subarray with given sum.
    Find the smallest and maximum element in an array.
    Find the sum of digits of a number.
    Find the power of a number.
    Find the average of numbers in a list.
    Check if an integer is even or odd.
    Sum of two integers.
    Find the sum of two linked lists using Stack.
    Merge two sorted linked lists.
    Find the middle element of a linked list.
    Remove the loop in a linked list.
    Find the middle element of a singly linked list in one pass.
    Merge two sorted linked lists.
    Search for a specific value in a linked list.
    Remove Nth node from the end of a linked list.
    Find the third node of a linked list.
    Add an element at the middle of the linked list.

Number Manipulation:
45. Check if a given number is prime.

    Find the prime factors of a number.
    Perfect number.
    Check if a year is a leap year.
    Greatest Common Divisor (GCD).
    Find the factorial of an integer.
    Find Armstrong number.
    Find Automorphic number.
    Find circular rotation of an array by K positions.
    Find the sum of natural numbers using recursion.
    Find the ASCII value of a character.
    Find the roots of a quadratic equation.

Sorting Algorithms:
57. Bubble sort algorithm.

    Insertion sort algorithm.
    Merge sort algorithm.
    Heap sort algorithm.
    Bucket sort algorithm.
    Counting sort algorithm.
    Radix sort algorithm.
    Difference between stable and unstable sorting algorithm.

Data Structures (Linked List):
65. Reverse a linked list.

    Reverse a singly linked list without recursion.
    Sort a linked list.
    Find the middle element of a linked list.
    Traverse a given binary tree in preorder without recursion.
    Traverse a given binary tree in preorder.
    Traverse a given binary tree in inorder.
    Reverse words in a given sentence without using library methods.

Miscellaneous:
73. Explain overloading and overriding with a program.

    Showcase Inheritance with a program.
    Convert digits to words.
    Find all permutations of a string.
    Write a program for Sudoku.
    Find the nearest smaller numbers on the left side in an array.
    Find the minimum number of coins that make a given value.
    Convert a sorted list to a binary search tree.
    Check if a string contains only digits.
    Swap two numbers without using a third variable.
    Print Fibonacci sequence.
    Create and add two matrices.
    Binary to Decimal conversion.
    Add two fractions.
    Spiral traversal of a matrix.




    How do you reverse a string? 2
    reverse string without loop or predefined function(like reverse)
    Missing number in array 3 (also multiple missing numbers)
    Write code to Calculate frequency of characters in a string 
    Write code to check if two strings match where one string contains wildcard characters 2
    Write a code to Remove space from a string
    Write a code to Count Inversion
    Write a code to reverse a number imp
    How do you determine if a string is a palindrome?  5
    Write a code to check for the longest palindrome in an array. 2 (also lowest)
    How do you check if the given number is prime? vimp2 (first 50 prime number)
    Write a Program to Find the Prime Factors of a Number. 2
    How do you calculate the number of numerical digits in a string?
    How do you find the count for the occurrence of a particular character in a string? 3
    How do you remove all occurrences of a given character from the input string?
    How do you find the non-matching characters in a string?  Find non-repeating characters in a string  Write a code to find non-repeating elements in an array.  4 
    Count repeated items in a String.
    How do you find out if the two given strings are anagrams?  4
    How do you calculate the number of vowels and consonants in a string?  4
    Write a program to check whether a character is a vowel or consonant
    Write a code to replace a substring in a string. 2 
    How do you find the length of the longest substring without repeating characters
    How do you total all of the matching integer elements in an array?  2
    How do you reverse an array? 4
    How do you remove duplicates from an array  2
    remove the duplicate character from String   2 (also given character)
    find the maximum occurring character in a given String
    Find Indexes of a subarray with given sum (subarray with given sum) gfg 2
    find an index of elements in a list. (ex:-binary search)
    Write a code to replace each element in an array by its rank in the array
    Write code of Greatest Common Divisor 
    Write code of  Perfect number     imp
    Write to code to check whether a given year is leap year or not. imp
    How do you find the smallest & maximum element in an array? imp5 (also in unsorted array)
    How would you find the second largest number in an array? imp2
    Write a code to find consecutive largest subsequence
    Explain overloading and overriding with the help of a program? imp
    How do you sort an array of integers in ascending order? 3 (also without using sort method) 2
    How do you print a Fibonacci sequence using recursion?  4 (also without recursion) (upto the nth term)
    How do you calculate the sum of two integers?
    Write a Program to Find out the Sum of Digits of a Number. imp
    Write a Program to Find out the Power of a Number
    How do you find the average of numbers in a list?
    How do you check if an integer is even or odd?
    Showcase Inheritance with the help of a program?  imp
    How do you find the middle element of a linked list?
    How do you reverse a linked list 2
    How do you reverse a singly linked list without recursion
    How do you sort a linked list
    How to add an element at the middle of the linked list? 
    How do you remove a loop in a linked list? 2
    How do you merge two sorted linked lists?
    How to get the third node of a linked list? 2 (also in singly linked list)
    How to merge two sorted linked lists?
    How to search for a specific value in a linked list?
    How to remove Nth Node from the end of a linked list
    How do you find the middle element of a singly linked list in one pass?
    How do you implement binary search to find an element in a sorted array? 2
    How do you print a binary tree in vertical order?
    How would you implement the bubble sort algorithm? 3
    How would you implement the insertion sort algorithm? 2
    How is the merge sort algorithm implemented? 2
    Write a code for Heap sort. 
    Write a Program to find out the Spiral Traversal of a Matrix. 2
    Create and Add a two matrix 2x2 or 3x3.
    How would you swap two numbers without using a third variable?  imp2
    How do you find the factorial of an integer? 3  (also using recursion)
    Write the code to for Armstrong number  imp
    Write a code to find an Automorphic number
    Write a code to find circular rotation of an array by K positions.
    Write a program to find the sum of Natural Numbers using Recursion.
    Write a program to add Two Matrices using Multi-dimensional Array.
    Write a program for Binary to Decimal to conversion
    Write a code to find Find the ASCII value of a character
    Write a code to Remove all characters from string except alphabets
    Write a Program to Add two Fractions
    Write a Program to Find the Roots of a Quadratic Equation
    Write a Program to Convert Digits to Words. 2
    How to find all permutations of String? 2
    How to remove special characters in a string that is in lowercase?
    writes a program for Sudoku.
    Write a Program to check whether the number is a Narcissistic number or not
    Find the sum of all natural numbers without using any regression or any loop.
    Find the nearest smaller numbers on the left side in an array.
    Find the minimum number of coins that make a given value.
    How do you implement a bucket sort algorithm?
    How do you implement a counting sort algorithm? 
    How is a radix sort algorithm implemented?
    Difference between a stable and unstable sorting algorithm?
    How do you check if a string contains only digits
    How to convert a sorted list to a binary search tree? 
    How is a binary search tree implemented?
    How do you perform preorder traversal in a given binary tree?
    How do you perform an inorder traversal in a given binary tree? 
    How do you traverse a given binary tree in preorder without recursion? 
    How do you reverse words in a given sentence without using any library method?
    How do you find the sum of two linked lists using Stack?
    How to find the node at which the intersection of two singly linked lists begins. 
    Given a linked list and a value x, partition it such that all nodes less than x come before nodes greater than or equal to x.
    How to check if a given linked list is a palindrome?
    How to remove all elements from a linked list of integers which matches with given value?
